1. I want to create a CLI tool which developers will use to create PR & release notes
2. People involved
	1. Ajay - tech lead & developer
	2. Darshan - developer
	3. Kushal - product manager
	4. Swapnil - QA
	5. Sagar - client
3. Current workflow
	1. clickup
		1. tickets inserted by sagar, kushal in tag planning
		2. tickets take from planning and moved to tag todo by ajay once a week
		3. tickets assigned between ajay & darshan from todo to in progress
	2. github 
		1. 2 branches, production & staging 
		2. darshan & ajay create feature/hotfix/fix branches from staging , do the development & raise a pr against staging once done
		3. ajay reviews the pr using claude code or similar tool & comments on the pr if required & darshan (not ajay) updates the pr with proposed changes in comment. Ajay then closes the PR
		4. im using github cli & claude code in combination to get this done (reviewing & commenting)
	3. communication
		1. once a week client asks for changes made through this week
		2. ajay looks through clickup tickets by sorting them by updated at tag
		3. ajay then compiles the task name, status & sends a message on whatsapp group
		4. At times, some issues is very important to client. In this case sagar, calls kushal, kushal calls ajay, ajay either resolves the query on his own, or asks darshan on status
		5. This is really clunky & slow
4. Proposed solution brief
	1. ajay will fix wed & sat for releases. releases include feature & fix branches. releases do not include hotfix branches
	2. developers will pick up their tickets from clickups & after completing the code on their respective new branches, they will fire up proposed CLI tool
	3. CLI tools will have access to below elements
		1. gh cli of the developer - if not installed, will have to install & make the user login 
		2. clickup access - I have clickup api access. during initiation, cli will ask user project name, I will have fed/hardcoded n number of lists for n number of projects. using this list id, cli tool can fetch all tasks within a list. the api I have , struggles to get subtasks of task, thus as a rule of thumb we do not create tickets / tasks with sub tasks in clickup
		3. claude code sdk integration - this will be used to perform a very initial code review , similar to what /review command does in claude code, with a set of rules suited to my workflow (we do not write tests, console logs are fine for now, commenting is okay instead of removing the irrelevant code, etc). We also need this to present developer a list of relevant tasks after reviewing their code, to make developer’s life easier, the cli tool will present them with a list of tickets from clickup which may possibley be what they set out to solve with this pr.
5.  How the cli tool workflow looks in my mind
	1. I develop a feature on feature branch `feature/video-ad-music-lib-increased`
	2. I fire up our cli tool on my feature branch. Im asked list name from list of lists (clickup, which I have pre-fed into the system with list id)
	3. The cli uses claude code sdk to initiate a basic code review as mentioned above. These review results will be used for commenting later in PR if needed
	4. Now cli tool will will get  all tasks from list selected previously.
	5. Now claude code sdk will be invoked with motive - “considering the diff in current review , narrow down possible list of task which developer will select (multi select) that they have resolved . It is okay if you give additonal tasks, but dont miss any task, otherwise the user will be stuck. If you dont find any relevant task just inform the user, thats it ”
	6. IMPORTANT THING - we have at this point created a relation between github commits/PR & clickup tasks (im not sure whether I want to link git commit or PR).
	7. Once the user has selected clickup tickets from a list , cli will create the PR, create comment about the code review.
6. More workflow notes - im not sure how to structure below things
	1. developers will raise multiple PRs in a single day
	2. I will have to push to production wed & sat in a week as discussed above.
	3. So each merge in production can be considered as a release.
	4. Meaning we will have to keep a version number (of code in general, as backend , frontend all is in 1 repo)
	5. Now ajay will fire up this cli tool to merge the PRs made into staging by ajay & darshan. Ajay will be presented a list of open PRs. Ajay will select a PR to move ahead with.
	6. Now Ajay will be presented with initial commits list , then comments claude code sdk review made, & if any the fixes darshan made in response to code review comments.
	7. Once satisfied Ajay will merge the PR , cli will give option to do so. ajay will not have to go to github.com to merge this PR.
	8. Now before completing the merge, we will do a thing now which will help is in a few steps i.e wed.
	9. We will create a release notes in bullet points specifically for this PR as comment in this PR. These partial release notes in the comment of this PR will later be used to compile final release notes , when ajay merges staging into the production on wed/sat.
	10. Now when ajay fires up cli on wednesday evening, ajay will be shown a list of PR’s merged in last 7 (or x , im not sure now) days. ajay will select all the PR’s relevant.
	11. Now these may be multiple PRs, lets assume its wed today & we have 5 PRs merged since monday into staging. Assume 10 clickup tickets among these 5 PRs. So ideally release notes should comprise of these 10 tickets as points.
	12. Now how can we compile release notes from this data.
	13. Aha ! we already added partial release notes for each PR in PR as comments before merging & closing the PR. We can add these partial release notes to create a master release notes for this release.
	14. Now we will create a release on github with these compiled release notes.
7. What I might have missed above
	1. I want to enter clickup ticket links in github PR when developer is creating the PR. We want to do it before the code review comment. So in total there are now 3 comments
		1. first one will be clickup tasks (which darshan / ajay selected while creating the PR via CLI tool)
		2. next will be code review comments , if any
		3. next will be comment by developer in response to code review comment if any
		4. last will be partial release notes, these will be created when ajay merges & closes the PR into staging
	2. So this way we have linked clickup tasks in github PR.
	3. Now on wed/sat, when ajay merges staging into production. We will create a releease, in this release , we will have release notes & clickup tickets link properly formatted.
8. What we will tackle in future
	1. I also want to enter github PR link in clickup tickets somewhere in the flow. For this we will want to integrate new api for updating clickup tasks/tickets.
	2. I will create a project with below properties
		1. project name 
		2. project github repos - can be multiple - can we detect this based on `git remote -v` command in current dir ?
		3. clickup list names & ids - can be multiple . we follow a structure of . sprint 1, sprint 2, etc & backlog & bugs
		4. although right now , we are not able to strictly follow this, we are only able to follow backlog & bags
		5. production branch name
		6. staging branch name
		7. as a rule of thumb , we follow the git structure mentioned above. feature/hotfix/fix merges into staging, at periodic intervals, staging merges into production.
		8. Now im now sure if this is the right git structure, could we do that feature branches merge into production when ready  ? that way i have flexibility of taking partial code changes into production . We can talk more on this